README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://cidekick.com">
   <img src="./public/assets/banner.gif" alt="Logo">
  </a>

  <h1 align="center">Cidekick: Digital Mind Extension 🧠</h1>

</p>


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/UCZH5B5Hpd"><img src="./public/assets/button_dc.png" width="80" alt="Cidekick Discord"></a>&ensp;<a href="https://cidekick.com"><img src="./public/assets/button_we.png" width="105" alt="Cidekick Website"></a>&ensp;<a href="https://x.com/intent/user?screen_name=leinadpark"><img src="./public/assets/button_xe.png" width="109" alt="Follow Daniel"></a>
</p>

> This project is a fork of [CheatingDaddy](https://github.com/sohzm/cheating-daddy) with modifications and enhancements. Thanks to [Soham](https://x.com/soham_btw) and all the open-source contributors who made this possible!

🤖 **Fast, light & open-source**—Cidekick lives on your desktop, sees what you see, listens in real time, understands your context, and turns every moment into structured knowledge.

💬 **Proactive in meetings**—it surfaces action items, summaries, and answers the instant you need them.

🫥️ **Truly invisible**—never shows up in screen recordings, screenshots, or your dock; no always-on capture or hidden sharing.

To have fun building with us, join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/UCZH5B5Hpd)!

## Instant Launch

⚡️  Skip the setup—launch instantly with our ready-to-run macOS app.  [[Download Here]](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/znid09apxiwtwvxer6oc9/Cidekick_latest.dmg?rlkey=gwvvyb3bizkl25frhs4k1zwds&st=37q31b4w&dl=1)

## Quick Start (Local Build)

### Prerequisites

First download & install [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) and [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download).
If you are using Windows, you need to also install [Build Tools for Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)

Ensure you're using Node.js version 20.x.x to avoid build errors with native dependencies.

```bash
# Check your Node.js version
node --version

# If you need to install Node.js 20.x.x, we recommend using nvm:
# curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.0/install.sh | bash
# nvm install 20
# nvm use 20
```

### Installation

```bash
npm run setup
```

## Highlights


### Ask: get answers based on all your previous screen actions & audio

<img width="100%" alt="booking-screen" src="./public/assets/00.gif">

### Meetings: real-time meeting notes, live summaries, session records

<img width="100%" alt="booking-screen" src="./public/assets/01.gif">

### Use your own OpenAI API key, or sign up to use ours (free)

<img width="100%" alt="booking-screen" src="./public/assets/02.gif">

You can visit [here](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys) to get your OpenAI API Key.

### Liquid Design (coming soon)

<img width="100%" alt="booking-screen" src="./public/assets/03.gif">

<p>
  for a more detailed guide, please refer to this <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHg3_4bU1Dw">video.</a>
  <i style="color:gray; font-weight:300;">
    we don't waste money on fancy vids; we just code.
  </i>
</p>


## Keyboard Shortcuts

`Ctrl/Cmd + \` : show and hide main window

`Ctrl/Cmd + Enter` : ask AI using all your previous screen and audio

`Ctrl/Cmd + Arrows` : move main window position

## Contributing

We love contributions! Feel free to open issues for bugs or feature requests.

## 🛠 Current Issues & Improvements

| Status | Issue                          | Description                                       |
|--------|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| 🚧 WIP     | AEC Improvement                | Transcription is not working occasionally |
| 🚧 WIP     | Code Refactoring               | Refactoring the entire codebase for better maintainability. |
| 🚧 WIP      | Firebase Data Storage Issue    | Session & ask should be saved in firebase for signup users |
| 🚧 WIP      | Login Issue                    | Currently breaking when switching between local and sign-in mode |
| 🚧 WIP      | Liquid Design                    | Liquid UI for MacOS 26 |
| 🚧 WIP      | Permission Issue           | Mic & system audio & display capture permission sometimes not working|



## About Cidekick

**Our mission is to build a living digital assistant for everyone.** Cidekick is a trusted pipeline that transforms your daily data into actionable insights. Visit [cidekick.com](https://cidekick.com) to learn more.

## Star History
[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=cidekick/cidekick&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#cidekick/cidekick&Date)

Commit message:

Update README to reflect Cidekick's focus on manufacturing AI assistance and add bilingual support. Modify Sidebar logo source for consistency.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://cidekick.com">
   <img src="./public/assets/banner.gif" alt="Logo">
  </a>

  <h1 align="center">Cidekick: Digital Mind Extension 🧠</h1>

</p>


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/UCZH5B5Hpd"><img src="./public/assets/button_dc.png" width="80" alt="Cidekick Discord"></a>&ensp;<a href="https://cidekick.com"><img src="./public/assets/button_we.png" width="105" alt="Cidekick Website"></a>&ensp;<a href="https://x.com/intent/user?screen_name=leinadpark"><img src="./public/assets/button_xe.png" width="109" alt="Follow Daniel"></a>
</p>

> This project is a fork of [CheatingDaddy](https://github.com/sohzm/cheating-daddy) with modifications and enhancements. Thanks to [Soham](https://x.com/soham_btw) and all the open-source contributors who made this possible!

🤖 **Your AI assistant for manufacturing.** Cidekick analyzes schematics, identifies components from images or live video, and helps streamline your entire production workflow.

🤖 **您的 AI 製造業助理.** Cidekick 能分析電路圖、從圖片或即時影像中識別組件，並協助您簡化整體生產流程。

💬 **Proactive in meetings**—it surfaces action items, summaries, and answers the instant you need them.

🫥️ **Truly invisible**—never shows up in screen recordings, screenshots, or your dock; no always-on capture or hidden sharing.

To have fun building with us, join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/UCZH5B5Hpd)!

## Instant Launch

⚡️  Skip the setup—launch instantly with our ready-to-run macOS app.  [[Download Here]](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/znid09apxiwtwvxer6oc9/Cidekick_latest.dmg?rlkey=gwvvyb3bizkl25frhs4k1zwds&st=37q31b4w&dl=1)

## Quick Start (Local Build)

### Prerequisites

First download & install [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) and [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download).
If you are using Windows, you need to also install [Build Tools for Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)

Ensure you're using Node.js version 20.x.x to avoid build errors with native dependencies.

```bash
# Check your Node.js version
node --version

# If you need to install Node.js 20.x.x, we recommend using nvm:
# curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.0/install.sh | bash
# nvm install 20
# nvm use 20
```

### Installation

```bash
npm run setup
```

## Highlights

### Component Identification / 零件識別
<img width="100%" alt="component-identification" src="./public/assets/image.png">

### Ask: get answers based on all your previous screen actions & audio

<img width="100%" alt="booking-screen" src="./public/assets/00.gif">

### Meetings: real-time meeting notes, live summaries, session records

<img width="100%" alt="booking-screen" src="./public/assets/01.gif">

### Use your own OpenAI API key, or sign up to use ours (free)

<img width="100%" alt="booking-screen" src="./public/assets/02.gif">

You can visit [here](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys) to get your OpenAI API Key.

### Liquid Design (coming soon)

<img width="100%" alt="booking-screen" src="./public/assets/03.gif">

<p>
  for a more detailed guide, please refer to this <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHg3_4bU1Dw">video.</a>
  <i style="color:gray; font-weight:300;">
    we don't waste money on fancy vids; we just code.
  </i>
</p>


## Keyboard Shortcuts

`Ctrl/Cmd + \` : show and hide main window

`Ctrl/Cmd + Enter` : ask AI using all your previous screen and audio

`Ctrl/Cmd + Arrows` : move main window position

## Contributing

We love contributions! Feel free to open issues for bugs or feature requests.

## 🛠 Current Issues & Improvements

| Status | Issue                          | Description                                       |
|--------|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| 🚧 WIP     | AEC Improvement                | Transcription is not working occasionally |
| 🚧 WIP     | Code Refactoring               | Refactoring the entire codebase for better maintainability. |
| 🚧 WIP      | Firebase Data Storage Issue    | Session & ask should be saved in firebase for signup users |
| 🚧 WIP      | Login Issue                    | Currently breaking when switching between local and sign-in mode |
| 🚧 WIP      | Liquid Design                    | Liquid UI for MacOS 26 |
| 🚧 WIP      | Permission Issue           | Mic & system audio & display capture permission sometimes not working|



## About Cidekick

**Our mission is to build a living digital assistant for everyone.** Cidekick is a trusted pipeline that transforms your daily data into actionable insights. Visit [cidekick.com](https://cidekick.com) to learn more.

## Star History
[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=cidekick/cidekick&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#cidekick/cidekick&Date)
